[cds^9.2] feat(auth): xssec's caching enabled by default (#1998)
cap-js/docs: node.js/authentication.md

[If you want to customize the user ID, please also have a look at this example.](/node.js/cds-serve#customization-of-cds-context-user){.learn-more}

## Authentication in Production

### Enforced by Default

In a productive scenario with an authentication strategy configured, for example the default `jwt`, all CAP service endpoints are authenticated by default, regardless of the authorization model. That is, all services without `@restrict` or `@requires` implicitly get `@requires: 'authenticated-user'`.

This can be disabled via feature flag <Config>cds.requires.auth.restrict_all_services: false</Config>, or by using [mocked authentication](#mocked) explicitly in production.

### Cached by Default

`@sap/xssec^4.8` provides a way to improve latency on subsequent requests with the same token by introducing two caches for CPU-intensive operations:
- **Signature cache**: This cache handles the cryptographic signature validation of a JWT token.
- **Token decode cache**: This cache manages the base64-decoding of a JWT token.

Both caches are enabled by default.

> The _signature cache_ can be configured or deactivated via `cds.requires.auth.config` (which is passed through to `@sap/xssec`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _signature cache_ can be configured or deactivated via <Config keyOnly>cds.requires.auth.config.signature-cache</Config> (which is passed through to `@sap/xssec`).
```

> The _signature cache_ can be configured or deactivated via <Config keyOnly>cds.requires.auth.config.signature-cache</Config> (which is passed through to `@sap/xssec`).

Reviewer: Is `signature-cache` correct?

Author: `cds.requires.auth.config.validation.signatureCache`, but i wouldn't document explicitly. we forward `cds.requires.auth.config` to xssec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _signature cache_ can be configured or deactivated via <Config keyOnly>cds.requires.auth.config.signatureCache</Config> (which is passed through to `@sap/xssec`).
```

> The _token decode cache_, on the other hand, can be configured programmatically during bootstrapping (e.g., in a [custom `server.js`](../cds-server#custom-server-js)) via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _token decode cache_, on the other hand, can be configured programmatically during bootstrapping, for example in a [custom `server.js`](../cds-server#custom-server-js) file, as follows:
```

> The _token decode cache_, on the other hand, can be configured programmatically during bootstrapping, for example in a [custom `server.js`](../cds-server#custom-server-js) file, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The _token decode cache_, on the other hand, can only be configured programmatically during bootstrapping, for example in a [custom `server.js`](../cds-server#custom-server-js) file, as follows:
```
